In order to show you have spring profiles and the configuration work together and give you a demo I
just created that profiles application.
This is just like the demo application we created before.
So you can just follow those steps and create an application for yourself and follow along with me from
there.
In this application what we're going to do is we're going to have a halo service and we're going to
provide a method to it with this method.
We're going to say our name or anything that we want to greet and we're going to have two different
implementations behind one for the English and one for the German one.
So the English one is going to say hello and your name and the general one is going to say hello and
your name.
So to do that we're going to have an interface and that interface is going to serve us as a service.
So let's just create a package and name this package a service and have an interface there and this
interface is going to be grading service.
Okay.
And of course to spring to skandhas we're going to annotated as a component
this interface is going to have a single method.
This method is going to say hello and take our name or anything you like as the parameter.
OK.
This is our greeting service.
So now we have to make two different implementations for service one for the English
and one for the German reading service.
English OK.
Simple as that.
And this has to be also marked as that component.
And we have to implement our grading service So intelligence is warning us and lets us implement those
methods.
And here we go.
So in this English version of this service we're going to say hello and the name that we provide.
That said now let's just create the German version and we're going to say creating service German OK
and let's just implement all grading service and override the method.
OK.
In this method we're going to say hello and the named pro-white of course we're going to annotate this
as a component.
OK.
All right we have our basic structure for our profiles test and now what we're going to do is we're
going to create a controller and test our application from there to do that.
That's just critical scroller package and a class stare and say that it's a greeting controller.
What this controller is going to do is we're going to expose this controller as a web service web method
and we're going to take our name as a parameter and we're going to call our service to create responses
for English and German one.
So to do that let's just make this web method.
And of course we're going to use request mapping for that and the path is going to be a backslash.
And of course this is going to be a risk control.
Right now let's just have a method to say hello.
This method is going to return a string.
Let's make this method a web method and use request mapping and the path for this method is going to
be low and slash name.
And of course the method for this path is going to get.
OK.
So let's just take our path where you will and
say that it's the name one.
And of course we're going to get this as a parameter to our method.
So D'Errico we have our basic web method here.
Now what we want to do is we want to get our reading service we want to make use of our reading service
to do that let's just create a instance variable for our grading service and to actually make use of
it.
Let's just all the wire at OK.
Now with this greeting service what we want to do is we want to say hello and we're going to use our
name as the parameter.
All right we have our application of course we're going to return this to our users and to our selves
of course.
To actually make use of it we have to say that one of them is going to be used as English profile and
the other one is going to be used as the German profile.
So now let's do that right here.
We're going to say profile and since this is the English one we're going to say this is the English
profile.
And in the German one we're going to say this is the German profile.
All right.
To activate these profiles all we have to do is just go to application up properties or application
the yemo whatever you file you choose to create you're going to say spring dot profiles that active
and in their spring is going to automatically complete this for us for the first test.
We're going to use the English profile
and as you can see this profile is right here.
We have our active profile as English so our controller is going to go to the English one for the implementation.
So now let's just test this method.
So to see if everything is OK.
To do that let's just go to our profiles application and run our application.
All right.
Our application is up and running.
Now let's just open up to Firefox to test our methods.
So we're going to say localhost ADHD hello and slash your name.
So if he had to enter as you can see we're seeing Hello Yazzie as a response that's just because we
set the act to profile as English one an English one is going to turn us.
Hello and your name just as we said here in this profile section.
That's the magic of profiles.
You have two different implementations and you say that one of them is active and spring.
Just use that one.
Simple as that.
So now let's just try this out with a German one.
OK let's just restart our application.
All right.
Our application is up and running.
That's great.
And as you can see here German profile is set to act two.
And in the previous startup we had English one as set as active here and that's a nice way to know that
which one is active which one of your profiles is active.
All right.
So to test our method let's just go to Firefox again.
And now let's just hit enter as you can see we're seeing hello as the response this time.
That's just because that were said the to profile as German.
Isn't that beautiful.
You're setting your profile to anything you want and Spring's just picking up the bean for your application
and presenting you to that implementation for your application.
That's a great and beautiful way to separate your environments.
Your implementations anything you want in your application.
To make an overview of what we learn.
Up until now I'll be seeing you on this section over in the next video.